In problem 3A,
we're going to take
the trim function one step
further by using
the substitute function
together with it.
Here in this data,
we have commas separating some of
our numbers where we would like
decimal points or periods.
At the same time,
we still have
extra spaces that we
talked about in
the last exercise.
The substitute function
allows us to change
specific characters and
replace them with another.
I'll start by typing the trim
function equals trim
open parentheses and I'll
nest the substitute
function into that,
so I'll type substitute.
That prompts us to choose
the cell with text that
we'd like to replace.
So I'll reference
the first cell in our table.
The next reference is
the old text we would
like to replace,
so I'll type open quote
comma close quote.
Notice that I put the comma
within quotes because
it's a text value.
All text values within
a formula string needs to
be separated from
the formula with quotes.
So next, I will enter
the substitute tests in
this example which is a period,
so I'll type quote
period and quote.
Next, I'll close the parentheses,
click Enter, and I'll drag
down the formulas
to our other cells.
Again, I'll click the menu
and fill without formatting
to ensure that
our format stays the
same as it was
before in our table.
You might be wondering
why we wouldn't just use
the find and replace
function that's located
in the home button.
The reason is because it's always
important to keep
your raw data intact,
especially if you have
to do a lot of clean up.
If you have issues
further down the line,
you may want to look back
at the original data to
check or you may need
evidence of what you
originally received.
If you start making changes and
edits directly to
your original data,
it is extremely difficult to
ensure that nothing
has been changed
accidentally or there may be
instances where you need to
check if the issue
was with the raw data
received or the
computations done to it.
Therefore it is
a leading practice to use
the reference functions that
we've learned together to
clean and edit your data
especially when you're
dealing with sensitive
or large data sets.